README.md, before:

# bootstrap-material-design-datepicker
A datepicker for bootstrap-material-design v4

**Work in progress**

## Goal 

1. An ES2015 `datepicker` for [bootstrap-material-design](https://github.com/FezVrasta/bootstrap-material-design/tree/v4-dev) that meets the [Material Design specification](https://www.google.com/design/spec/components/pickers.html#)
2. Support multiple variations, including BS3, BS4, and BMD4


## Developing

### Basics
1. Install Gulp 4 - `npm install -g gulpjs/gulp-cli#4.0`
1. Install dependencies - `npm install`
1. Full build - `gulp`

### Typical

I usually have two terminals open, just to speed up everything during development builds:

1. `gulp js:watch`
1. `gulp css:watch`

Open the `sandbox/index.html` or the `sandbox/test.html` in a browser and you should be good to go.


## Credits
> If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. - Sir Isaac Newton

- [bootstrap-datepicker](https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker) - [Andrew Rowls](https://github.com/eternicode) and [contributors](https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker/graphs/contributors)
- [bootstrap-datepicker original code](http://www.eyecon.ro/bootstrap-datepicker/) - Stefan Petre

See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

name change to picker.js

README.md, after:

# picker.js
A picker for dates, date ranges, (and hopefully times) for multiple frameworks including Bootstrap 3, Bootstrap 4, and Material Design for Bootstrap 4

**Work in progress**

## Goal 

1. An ES2015 `datepicker` for [bootstrap-material-design](https://github.com/FezVrasta/bootstrap-material-design/tree/v4-dev) that meets the [Material Design specification](https://www.google.com/design/spec/components/pickers.html#)
2. Support multiple variations, including BS3, BS4, and BMD4


## Developing

### Basics
1. Install Gulp 4 - `npm install -g gulpjs/gulp-cli#4.0`
1. Install dependencies - `npm install`
1. Full build - `gulp`

### Typical

I usually have two terminals open, just to speed up everything during development builds:

1. `gulp js:watch`
1. `gulp css:watch`

Open the `sandbox/index.html` or the `sandbox/test.html` in a browser and you should be good to go.


## Credits
> If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. - Sir Isaac Newton

- [bootstrap-datepicker](https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker) - [Andrew Rowls](https://github.com/eternicode) and [contributors](https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker/graphs/contributors)
- [bootstrap-datepicker original code](http://www.eyecon.ro/bootstrap-datepicker/) - Stefan Petre

See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md)
